README.md, before:

## Eduardo Sohne

<!-- ### personal portfolio: https://nextresume.vercel.app -->

### Contact
[![Contact](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:dudu.hit@gmail.com)
[![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eduardo-sohne-62a183118/)

### Skills
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sass-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue.js&logoColor=4FC08D)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)

------------

<!-- ### Check it out my [portfolio](https://nextresume.vercel.app/) -->
### If you like Pokemon and Vue, check this one too: [PokeDesk](https://pokemon-desk-team.vercel.app/)

Commit message:

feat(readme): add personal project links

README.md, after:

## Eduardo Sohne

<!-- ### personal portfolio: https://nextresume.vercel.app -->

### Contact
[![Contact](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:dudu.hit@gmail.com)
[![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eduardo-sohne-62a183118/)

### Skills
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sass-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)
[![Skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue.js&logoColor=4FC08D)](https://img.shields.io/badge/)

------------
### Personal projects with deploy's 🚀
### Vue 3 + composition api + js dom interactions [fast-typing]((https://fast-typing-six.vercel.app/))
### Check it out my [portfolio](https://nextresume.vercel.app/)
### If you like Pokemon and Vue, check this one too: [PokeDesk](https://pokemon-desk-team.vercel.app/)
